[Chore] Update the documentation to better conform to the USG (#76)
canonical/ubuntu-security-documentation: security-updates/osv/index.rst

The ``name`` field
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This field specifies the **source package name**. The Ubuntu Security Team
tracks vulnerabilities and patches them in source packages. Binary packages
(those that you install with ``apt-get``) are generated from building a source
package.

Source package names aren't as useful for users as binary package names.

> Therefore, to simplify reading, as well as automation or scanning, we add the

Author: ```suggestion
Therefore, to simplify reading, as well as automation for scanning tools, we add the
```

an ecosystem and the events of when a vulnerability was ``introduced``,
``fixed``, and any type-specific fields.

Since Debian versioning is not yet a supported type in OSV, the ``type`` will
always be ``ECOSYSTEM``.

The Ubuntu Security Team doesn't currently track when a vulnerability was

> first introduced. Instead, we focus on identifying which of the shipped source

Author: This may be inaccurate, I believe we have started including this data in our CVE files but I need to double check.
